[Music]
[Applause]
I promise to bring you breakfast every
morning
I'll promise that my life begins where you
end I
don't want false expectations or to live
inside a lie Not yours is
true despite what you say I
will remember that walk through that plaza
that shames no we couldn't Not even look
The moment arrived and I took your hand as we
continued walking For both of us it
remained silent In the big city
the city
Why do I want to see a
star in the sky
By my side I have the most beautiful in the
firmament I don't know if you'll understand fact
that I'm telling you How to feel the heart the way it
smiles Inside
[Music]
[Applause] I
will tell you that I asked that each day you live
true That if I argue it's to get to know you
more There is no Fog that can darken
this love
[Music]
and I don't know that we will go through moments that we
never imagined
The pain will be so strong that
we will think about leaving each other But this
feeling of ours will put here The
wounds that we cause to the soul
Breathe me please
because this life is slipping away from us I
want to see it shine
part I want to see the star catch in
the sky and next to me I have the most beautiful in the
firmament I don't know if you'll understand me And what I
tell you
this will feel the heart smiling inside I
want to send
to my side I have a date from the first
moment
crosses if you will understand me and what I
tell you you have to feel the heart
smiles inside
[Music]
I who thought that I am for love no longer
existed that kisses are given away on
any corner
I who thought that I am for love it was just a
game but I look at you Hey, I'm dying to
have you
next to me I
will invest my life nor
excite you and I
[Music] I
will win the game the time that was
lost I
ask you Every day that your soul be my day
until the last kiss that says goodbye to this
life and I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have you I
got up
[Music]
if the world separates I will stay with you
if tomorrow doesn't dawn I will stay with you if
you want me to stay I will stay with you
[Music]
that things matter to me and when
I smile I turn around  and I'm with you with you with
you I
will invest my life nor
delude you and I
[Music]
I will win the game the time that that
dog did appear in The Voice
[Music] I
ask you Every day that you take that you be my guide
until the last kiss that says goodbye to this
life I ask you every day to always be able to
love you
waiting for the moment to have you I got
up
[Music]
The notified is not
coming in people are going to get lost
gossip
captain plug captain plug
[Music]
The game dies the time that was lost
and I ask Every day that your soul be my day
until the last kiss that says goodbye to this
life and I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have you
I got up
How beautiful he sings eh How beautiful Eh
let's put on the other one that I like so much
and let's get down to business while among the
people who notified him I have to
listen more man I have to
listen more I have to
listen more I have
n't heard from him in a long time I
knew him when I was a kid We went out
together and we've been friends
but I didn't hear from him again well I don't know I'm
going to  be more than a decade eh And now
their videos have started to come out I don't know
why I would follow someone who follows him or
something You know I have started to get their
videos and mom I really liked it I really
like Manuel Muñoz
Manuel Muñoz his name is in case you want to
follow him
in fact follow him in case you want No in
fact follow them
I found out through his tweet what's up Rosa
we are preparing cool things to
make gossip okay I'm exhausted eh I'm
exhausted today I'm at home
I will promise that my life begins where you
end I do
n't want false expectations or to live
inside a lie yours and mine is
true despite what they say
I will remember that walk through that plaza
how shameful we couldn't Even look
The moment arrived and Coquito Víctor
Palacios
[Music]
If I don't forget I'll send you a message to
ask you the
most beautiful of the century Slow I don't know if you'll
understand what I'm telling you Thank you
sweetheart how you smile inside
[Music]
[Applause] you
look tired of
course
[Music]
with me to get to know you more there is
no Fog  that can darken this
love
[Music]
and I don't know that we will go through moments that we
never imagined
that the pain will be so strong that
we will think about leaving each other but this
feeling of ours will put here the
wounds that we cause to the soul
breathe me please
because this life is slipping away from us why do I
want to see you shine why do I
want to see you now the star in the sky
I have the most beautiful signature I do
n't know if you will understand me And what I
tell you is that your heart will feel how it
smiles Inside that I want to see stop I love
you I want to send
to my side I have a date of the first
moment
crosses and you will understand me and what I
tell you you have to feel your heart
how it smiles Inside
[Music]
very pretty
Manuel Muñoz you ask me a lot Who
is Manuel Muñoz in fact follow him follow him follow him you
remember him you
remember him from me family How are you how are you you
are telling me that I
'm tired Of course I'm
tired I'm exhausted I'm exhausted I don't
know really I don't know if this weekend I will have sex
on Sunday we have Jesús
Manuel Ruiz on tele salseo okay I'm
preparing a section  new among the
gossip already To occupy all the days
of the week without life
what do you think to
not have a life at all no Let's
see what day we can fit it in but we
will fit it in someday not a
new section you'll see aren't you going to love it you're
going to love it
I'm dead I'm literally dead
I'm dead there it was 7 in the
morning they gave it to us I think it ends here at
6 I recorded a couple of news stories while I was
taking something I was
taking something it wasn't a line of cocaine
no, it's the same At 6 in the morning it
could be no to hold on a little now
the guy no There are no drugs no to drugs
guys no to drugs just kidding just kidding well
I'm going to have dinner just now very
well take advantage drey code grecow
you appear in my video that I recorded yesterday yesterday I
recorded a video on the main channel in which I
mention you
from Austria there they recorded the video of
asrea of ​​the history of Asia
confirmed I open a thread
Javi oliveira promoting drugs
the video of the video of asrria I recorded it
yesterday okay I don't know when it will come out I don't know
when  they will release these people
we have a new writer on the other TV
Ave Nocturne Amparo from Ave Nocturne as of
this week she starts writing
her blog
and her news on the other TV book of
ornaments Thank you very much welcome
welcome family no we do not stop
innovating let's see I have asked myself if I was
partly the cause of that well Deco
you are that it is a little bit ghost pay
the youtubers I mean you are always involved
in all the gossip in all the videos
that I make as a youtuber you are you are a
little bit it was a little bit for fanta
with me you are a little bit for fanta with
the young tubers you are always there that you
give it the same one from the street another from the sand maybe you are a
bit of a zin I don't know what
your role is man
we innovate more than Twitter selling
verified Hey Ivan we could sell
verified Javi I have to get a click off
the coke sorry
But why on outerfly can I give you a click
better naughter frame not a click from
yesterday's debate I saw you take out eh
traitor or traitor I have been playing
Yes Oswald thank you very much welcome let's
see we sell  verified to see if it's
the most sold verified on Twitter at 8
euros us on the other TV not on my
chavaleria.com damn we have a forum
How much could we sell a verified
in Euros and they go to euros if we are here we
can you all do it members
for one euro and you don't give it to them son of a [ __ ] the
majority of people who are here
are not members
[ __ ] Javi comes very blue very blue and
very cocaine addict [ __ ] [ __ ] no [ __ ]
[ __ ] [ __ ] my reputation
man the reputation that I've been fixing for
three years I just threw it
to [ __ ] [ __ ] I just
threw my reputation to [ __ ]
[ __ ] [ __ ] Now what happens man that
fame is going to coincide with the face that I have what a
[ __ ] [ __ ] Eh Eh what a [ __ ] [ __ ]
well nothing happens nothing happens Anyway you
see Who can't see me is not going to see me
Anyway
nothing Javi no pay-asses that the
youtubers were very ruined Yes now I see that it
is your ruin so much that you are not a member
Drake remind you all that you can be
members for only one euro okay  I mean, it
's up to you to be here and not be a
member and have it verified on YouTube
Drake looks stiff I mean, I'm really
telling you this like this between colleagues and without
anyone knowing that if you want you can
be here eh completely
free but man you're a little bit stiff there
from your brother-in-law And that's not because he
always comes so they can invite him
tomorrow from the PC I'll become Rosa to you not
you Rosa you can be here without being a
member
with those two roses we can distinguish you in the
chat investigator dude you're the editor of the
Channel and you're not a member the mother that the
mother who gave birth to you By the way, they
were [ __ ] me they had me smoking
because they showed a clip of me
of a guy saying that I paid him 17
€ 25 euros to edit videos and it's like
son of a [ __ ] you're going to smoke me for paying you
17 payments to edit a video how much do you
want me to pay you [ __ ] pig of
[ __ ] on top of that note
and the aliade founded me eh but if
listen to me see if on top of that they give me a [ __ ]
salsa video of Javier Oliveira that
takes you two hours to edit Raquel a
kiss no kidding  see obviously the
first thing
you me Hey I need someone to meditate a
video is worth how much you give me so much you
want it or you don't want it cool and also
cool worth it or so it's that clear and it turns out that and it turns out
that
[Music]
that they get a click and a note that he was
my editor saying that I paid him 17
euros or 25 if the video lasted more than 20
minutes 25 his coffee
Mac Thank you very much And on top of that I
realize is that I have not said I do not want to
answer that controversy because it helps
man if it shows I was editing
the videos for a while and I did not call him anymore
because he was lazy I did not call him anymore
because he did not do things to you without desire
I gave him the clicks and I do not know many
things no but it is like it is ugly not that you
go there doing live
saying how much you paid you know and it is
like well I had 10 left Well now
now I could be a video
responding to the click and saying the
things that they made me note that gave me
a blue video dude or I mean note gave me
a video of the blue lollipop literally I do not
even know  if I uploaded it I think I think I
couldn't upload it literally I
think I literally couldn't upload it because
the video was so terrible do you
remember Ivan from that or I mean he literally
sent it to me and I say how do you send me this guy
blue blue the video and the audio couldn't be heard
and it was like But how do you send me
this so normal you know it's like well let's
see listen to me I don't earn I don't
earn 200 euros for each video yes yes yes the
Treasury takes so much from me and the video
maybe I know a video the main one
To me that I can so
that he gives me 50 euros 60 euros well well
I'll tell you or I mean what I can
give you if he wants it or not he wants it
obviously evidently
nowadays things have changed and thank
God things are going up and they
work in a different way and the people who
help me are very happy the
people who help me are very happy
or I mean unfunnable I am unfunnable apart from
that kid I already told you or I mean it was like
four years that no I didn't
call him again eh or I mean Terrible  and a straight white guy
also stopped calling him, I
mean, he was like, without any desire, it's like, [ __ ], why do you
contact me
someday? Turn it up and we'll talk about someday Turn it up you mean turn me
up nodrigo
first art stiff member researcher
I'm happy with Javi researcher
is happy he does
n't get paid but he's happy
Look Paule no Paule that was with the Dead
how disgusting no Javi would you play a game
with me on tiktok
What dobby,
what's left of it can we play a
game in text How do you play Tito? It
sounds weird to me, it sounds like Teto, no, it
was me, I duck you Today No today today today I
really had to, I shouldn't have
opened directly today, man,
we didn't, we shouldn't have
opened today directly, man, this is [ __ ]
[ __ ], this is disgusting
Look this is success, he says I confirm Even though I do
n't work with Javi today, the treatment I
received was always Well, it's not the treatment, it's
just that, let's see, it's okay, you're
chubby, I'm chubby Javi, it's been
five minutes You didn't mention tiktok
Now, yeah, yeah because I'm waiting to open
the clip let's see It's that in addition to fact Let's
see wait I'm going to I'm going to
tell you about it But because you brought up the
subject okay I'm going to tell you about it But
because you brought up the subject I have left you I have
left you pinned
a link okay in the pinned comment
so you can download tic Toc Nou is
a new tiktok application okay it
pays you it pays me to
promote it okay I mean I'm going to
tell you very clearly It pays you even if you're not
going to use it download it take the
money you put it in PayPal and
something else butterfly but come on it's very simple you have the you have
the link in the
pinned comment you download it you enter
my code man domi and welcome
King you
enter the code you enter the code here you
have it okay You go to the gift and you click on Log in
today or something like that it says
no Log in today and you get paid
but of course there are a lot of people who are not
doing it right because you have to
do it every day and every day they pay you more you
understand
Wait I have the  mobile in airplane mode
look
you go in you go in and it
appears This is okay Well every day you have to
go in and you click here and you
click here like Sign in today
Put every day because I've seen that there are
people who have downloaded it No it
's not in Spain all over the world I've seen
people who have downloaded it but they don't
do it every day and only Then the
first day they pay you Well I don't know if two
euros how much they pay you but six every
day Pin Pin Pin Pin you invite your cousin You
pass your link to your mother you pass your
link to your grandmother who are now
interested since they are all subscribed and know how to
use mobile phones, I mean literally
do it and I wish you get 50 bucks
inviting your friends to do it
so free is free money man is
free money man I don't understand
why not no but I have many guests I
mean I have like I do
n't know if I have 200 and some guests I have
downloaded Typhoon download it all
rich man welcome King how much we
love you on this channel
a big hug we have always
dear You are the best gossip channel of
youtubers Claudia a kiss
let's talk about this 50 bucks not even a
joke because they lie sun air sun air
if you put your link once
you download it you invite your
husband you invite your son you invite nothing you
invite 6 or 7 you already have the 50
bucks you give them the PayPal and you download it that is
very clumsy really they
are giving you money and you do not know how to do it I am
very clumsy or you are
giving it away And there are many people they say it
smells bad it smells bad and I have said I mean
imagine no this
Imagine that he does something strange to you it
would be a worldwide scandal no let's see
something has happened to Borja Escalona
something has happened to Borja Escalona they are
going to Borja Escalona's house to give him what
he deserves Well well this fish to
give him what he deserves I said says the son of a
[ __ ] this gossip YouTube but he is that
[ __ ] That sounds like a money grab to me you read
and if I am  promoting me
trust me damn I'm not going to
fool us I'm telling you that I
am doing it and that every day I take the
money I earn from my guests what
you have to do is invite
people
but I love gossip YouTube but it
says they gave him what he deserved and they
hit him or so literally what
happened is that a lady went to his house
and hit him water was coming out kicking with him
literally eh or so but literally You think it's
agreed Cristofer
You think it's agreed he
says domain he I spoke once with
Borja Escalona it's something strange domi
Please tell me that talk is recorded
tell me that talk is recorded Yes let's
see a lady went to hit him but what do
you see is strange if it happens to me any day
Javi be careful that many youtubers
promote certain things that are not
good and that Jorge is tiktok it is the
number company I mean let's see I'm not
going to put my hand in the fire either, I don't
know them but I understand that the
number one social media company right now is
not going to scam  to hundreds of thousands of
people who don't lose money, man, they
're advertising, they
don't suppose to pay 50
bucks to each person Karma for the
razor let's see, of course a lady went
to hit Borja Escalona too, I
tell you, it's not strange at all, any day it
happens to me with some bassist, I
imagine them at the Tekken battle, I do
n't know what one time I put clickbai
on the main channel They hit Borja
Escalona and I put the thumbnail for kicks
I was wrong they weren't kicks they were
pushes and I got the thumbnail wrong and I
told Aiden, put kicks and it wasn't a
kick it was pushes you know and the video
got that was last month I think 200 thousand
views man I haven't seen 200,000 views
together for a long time now Well that
was my last video with 200,000 views
last month then I'll look for a video and
send it to you on discord or Instagram Tommy
please send it to me send it to me by super
chat because on Instagram I don't  It arrives domi
you have to send it to me by super Charo
or by Vision by the way I just
received a bug I think
that pepper is fake I don't know I mean I don't know I don't know I don't know I've
seen the video before
before putting it here and it didn't
sound fake to me it's not going to sound fake to me
really I promise Thank you
very much Ivan Thank you very much
for that bizum Thank you very much
Ivan Rey character Borja Escalona is one
of the most interesting that has emerged
on the YouTube platform this as a result
of the fact that the continent This
video I don't know what it is about But this video
This video is pretending in this
video that he's crying I don't know if he
uploaded it now because he hit
the lady but in this video he is
actually pretending David Santos
once uploaded a video to his Twitter
look for it there David Santos once uploaded
a video to his Twitter where the
bastard knows how to pretend Borja knows how to
perfectly pretend to cry I don't know how he does it
but he does it even with tears
I wish rociíto uncle who created ha
caused me loyal people to be against him and that they literally did not tell him the best and well What is your code Javi on tiktok Now I tell you Well but you have it in the fixed comment you also have it in the fixed comment you also have it in the
fixed comment okay download it the days do me
a favor no
that I that I charge for that too
download it dude I mean if it is not like that
member Download the text not that they
pay me not for going by imitation the boys learn
a lady who has been a youtuber for
more than a year who has problems
with the same Borja Escalona and let's see she
looks a little like Raquel Mosquera I also
tell you this is how I met the Borja
Escalona thing the moral misery of Borja
Escalona
Luisa Garrido Let's
see what happened to
Luisa Garrido with porras Escalona do
you think
you think what happened with this
lady if this lady doesn't they don't know her and
her why is she going why is anything going to happen
with this lady
Luisa Garrido the best here I tell you the
whole truth about all the topics
all  his children
that's not past
I would say no eh
I would say that on this occasion no eh
the moral misery of Boras Escalona that's how
I met Escalona now let's see I have to
no Borja I'm going to tell you one thing the
only woman you're afraid of is
me right Because I gave you the location
here
so you could come to Madrid to tell me
all the atrocities you did to me in
person I remind you what you told me
Borja
is that you didn't arrive on time and all those
things don't
you remember that I gave you the location is
a bit Raquel Mosquera in 30
years eh Do you remember the conversations we
had Borjita do
you remember
[Music]
prepared and you didn't have the balls to
come
Look I'm going to tell you how I met him I'm not
going to call him a character or a person
because he's neither a character nor a person he's
more like human scum Okay
then human scum can't be
called a character or a person
this This thing that is a thing let's
call it Borja thing Okay more like the
thing I met him because one day in my
main account  from Instagram that had
a lot of followers I received a
message that I'm going to publish it today not
because I have to look for it and it's going to
cost me a lot but anyway I promise I'll
publish the conversation I had
with this thing it got in touch
saying
I'm Borja escolana you don't
know me but I know you and it was to
tell you that
I'm going to close your account which is what those little fingers did too those little fingers are lazy today eh Hey I'm really tired yesterday we went to bed at 7 that I sent you a message to let you know that I was going to close your account and you closed it Luisa is well known on social networks Yes
the next day I screwed yours right
the next day I screwed
yours too
because you're ugly inside and out
on all sides Well then this
thing sends me that and you know the bad
temper I have I mean I answered
everything except handsome from H period ellipses
ending age in a certain in nothing
up Well then from there
this guy tried At that moment
he wasn't that  known and wanted to become
famous
Borja Escalona wrote to me
Jorge Escalona wrote to me ago Well he's
written to me several times he's sent me
audios on some occasions he's
sent me audios before the
empanadilla thing and so on he sent me audios
all the time
challenging me to debates and so on What's going on you do
n't have the balls not to debate with me the
only thing I know about you is that you threw
a razor in the air in the plaza
in Puerta del Sol and an older woman hit it so what am I
going to debate
with you about about the brand of razor
which do you think is better which one shaves more which one does you
use you don't know like no I don't know what
the man wanted to debate this time let's see
obviously I wanted to thank maybe I
never got into it because the truth is man every
time I come across someone like that on the internet you
know I come across videos or whatever they
usually get obsessed you know and honestly
I wouldn't like a Borja Escalona
obsessed with me I mean like I did
n't feel like it the truth is I don't get confused
No but what fits  She's telling
the woman it seems to me that I wrote to her like that I
was looking for trouble. Eh
so she did some reality shows
in her house that people had to
pay for their trip, they had to pay for a
meal and everything and what she did was
keep them as servants in her house and on top of that they
did certain things that are crimes I'm
going to keep
quiet okay why why are you
quiet ma'am, I mean why are you going to keep quiet if it wouldn't matter, I mean you
can keep quiet you can't keep quiet it doesn't matter if you keep quiet
or like Bora
Escalona you're going to get sued
for saying something that might be
true or if you're doing it
live if
you know because you did it live no I mean like go on and now go on, he went straight to Borja Escalona's house and a live show started and literally the following happened But how does that make it possible dude I mean he opens the door and he goes like it's
Luisa it's Luisa Look I don't know what Luisa is and she
kicks him and he stays like the
lady literally the following happened
being there greet him greet him  and towards
Aunt
Pam and I give her a
David Bisbal style,
I just got kicked
salt salt
I think this is true man I don't know maybe I'm being
innocent but I think
the lady went to hit him for
real
These are characters eh These are
characters man I mean These are like this eh I
think this is true eh salt salt salt salt salt it
's fat the good thing
lady I
don't know I think this is real man because it comes out
the way it comes out I don't know if it will be Borja's relative or
sister or wife I imagine it
will be I don't know if he's married or something
but it seems to me that he doesn't want to involve
anyone in his
family-style messes I mean he does it himself but he doesn't
like it either that anyone ever mentions him
and so on not logical logical normal
okay it's very respectable and and the way
the wife leaves the house
seems to me that it's not planned because I don't think she would get
involved in a spectacle
of this I tell you this from the heart I know that
many people think badly of borra
Escalona but I think he wouldn't
involve anyone  from his house in these
things I think I think it's
real
Come move my windows Come
break my windows come break my
windows he says because why would I
break my windows why is
this son of a [ __ ] Borges Escalona harassing and
calling girls p
but the whole video is like that Oh look
what Cuqui look it's just in case he doesn't get
viruses it's in case the video is [ __ ]
in case the dance is [ __ ] just in
case B for h for B just one or the
other
your YouTube channel is there it's called it's
called El Mesías controversial and as you
can see there isn't a video that goes under
10,000 it's incredible [ __ ] another other that
maybe my mother
my mother
Cristian el micras
Cristian is my father if you are that I
admire her I admire this guy I
can't remove it Look at another one just in case he
says I'm going to show you my tits a little
wait I'll show you I'm going to
show you my tits a little Okay well if
the video is a friend's shirt I'm
going to get it wet so that they show my
nipples
that we are seeing tits and I'm going to make
my nipples transparent just in
case wait for
those comments
those comments I'm
not even going to describe any of this I mean like I do
n't know I did
n't come to write any of this So that's the one I
want to talk
about sending the request go up go up to
ask Cristian whatever you want I understand
that he is the idol of there will be
many people who want to know things about
Cristian or
send the request daughter don't get frustrated
yes Cristian of course I listen to you
for me you are a leader
But this girl How old is she in La
Carlita is that you noticed according to you I
don't know the truth
is not a question that
Cristian usually asks before intercourse no
well well really yes because yes the
truth is that if they are minors
María a kiss María reina a kiss I don't
know no I don't know the context
if it can have any kind of
context
that click that
the lady posted this is not
prepared not in a [ __ ] way or a
joke Eh This is real Eh This is
real
to me this man disgusts me
Peppa of course you and everyone Peppa
Peppa to all of Spain and talk  Hispanic who
knows who she is on social media
is that she's a person who causes
total rejection but those comments man
Come break my windows But what is it
that you see I don't understand what is
supposed to have happened to them
that they broke the windows that I don't know
Come break my windows
this is real this is real threatening
me again threatening me again
man What happens if you [ __ ] your drawers
they [ __ ] on you eh the lady is also a
little ordinary no I mean going to
someone's house to hit them
like you were a neighborhood brat of
course So
well that's what is at issue
regarding this issue that's how they went to
look for Borja Escalona himself no
doubt many would like to be in
this lady's position
unfortunately Well well
the address of Borja Escalona was shown which
is a crime for this person for
this woman no it is not a crime let's see a
crime as such It's not that it's what we
have discussed many times the
SEO is interested in that should not be able to Record in the
streets of people understands me
because anyone on Google Maps
finds imagine that guy  no for
example no this guy who is hated
anyone right now on Google Maps is
that I don't know what city to see will be
Madrid No if he goes to Puerta
del Sol a lot I don't know what part of Madrid
really I mean I have no idea what
part of Madrid it doesn't sound familiar to me
absolutely nothing and no
idea or rather no idea but
any person who hates him and wants to
look for it Hey look at the lady For example he does
n't quickly take into account
quickly that shut up that one but this
video
It's that the lady has found it
precisely because there are other videos of
people who are going to hit Borja
on this subject that's how they went to look for
Borges Escalona himself no doubt many
would like to be in the position of this
lady unfortunately Well
the address of Borja Escalona was shown
which is a crime for this
person it is that it is
nonsense because the what would be a
crime would be that someone or rather that you
take the address an address
Imagine the street such and such portal 3
first to that would be a crime okay
you publish the address but you
go there at the door of the house and
serious in the street you can record You know
that  does anyone recognize the street Oh well
look at the end a risk for
Borja himself Because while it is true that he is very
hated on the internet many people well I
am sure that they want to know where
this lives because of the different controversies that
Borja himself has been creating in his
internet history But that is a
hater not what I have Hahaha
and you which one do you have that you have a hater
Peppa well Peppa don't go to the
street don't go to your hater's house
to hit him
wow Let's see if you want one day we can see
the Lore of Mrs. Luisa against Borja
and we see the complete story today no eh
today no shut up it cost me at 7 and I am going
to deal with three or four topics here
Thank you very much achine I am going to deal with three
or four topics here and I'm leaving but if you
want us to continue and sepem wait I will
not repeat it I repeat I repeat that we are
going to upload this to the Main if you want us to
see each other the Lore of Luisa with Bora
Escalona
subscribe to Javi oliveira to Javier
canijo and give it  like the video I'm
going to do this I'm going to send it to
someone on the main channel but
for tomorrow
coward enter Luisa's live
Luisa wants to answer you in her live
Don't [ __ ] yourself
what's going on
what's on
now I'm subscribing quickly Quick
Javi Luisa wants to talk to you
no but Luisa is in a good mood eh I
mean I saw you there kicking
I don't want to
but she's insulting people but she's
calling me trinker they
're calling me
Where is Luisa it's true
good vibes but if you just called her
fat I didn't call you fat
coward but I didn't call her
Luisayo she doesn't call you fat but let's
see Luisa
wants to go up for 10 minutes she only
wants to go up for 10 minutes she only wants to go up for 10
minutes How can we
How can we contact Luisa
How can we contact Luis let's see
sir stop lying that's
not Madrid don't manipulate no no well let's see let's see calm down calm down
a little
calm down
How is it true that Luisa is with
us
write to her on Instagram but if it's I
don't know who
Luisa is  Garrido I'm going to see it if he's
talking to me
he's live on Twitch let's see come on I'm
going but but well it's live on
you and because Javi is watching us
live on Twitch you
've already got me in trouble see it let's
see
if yes also
I correct Javi I mention that Borja is
chubby don't hit him please no but if we
tell him that now Borja hits me well
Luisa defends me I'm going to be my friend with
Luisa wait Let's
see says the streamer
the streamer has indicated that this channel
is suitable only for adults just kidding just kidding
Luisa It's a joke Luisa it's a joke it
's a joke for formal adults Luisa
for formal adults like you and me
There's Luisa
for formal adults
no Luisa
man
I think this topic is better Luisa
because you're going to get upset
and this is getting out of hand mother mother I'm
going to modify a few mistakes
that he has made
because he said that I
'm speaking to you very loudly that I say that
he said that he was going to
inform himself better that he didn't know much about the
subject call me
Luis one thing I'm not
going to talk I'm not going to  to listen Don't
answer me yet okay okay okay do
n't answer her okay let me
call you like Call me call me call me call me call me
wait let's call her let's call
Luisa let her call me on WhatsApp let her call me on the
phone everyone has
my phone number but well it
has your phone number in the yellow pages
that you're Movistar
if not put it in the disk because I don't
know how to do it come on put me on discord
Luisa I have I have a channel
called tele salseo
mother this dude
let's talk to Luisa put it in the
disk while I hold on let her
make a tea for while but Lisa
but with all the calm in the world
but Luisa with all the calm in the world
I'm here I want everything for a while
Luisa is making some tea
let's call Luisa on Instagram
man I don't have time I don't have hours
to go to bed Neither do you I do
now Luisa
on Instagram okay better
Luisa Hi what am I saying turn down the
volume on the live show because there's a noise
that bothers me a lot It's that I don't have the
screen dude it's  broken
But where is the Twitch doing the live
Yeah
why don't you put it as a reaction You
see it too on your screen of course
Look, I'll pass it to you
in a moment, nobody's from me,
okay, I'm not going to hit people
because I feel like it Because if I
were like that, I would beat more
than one person up a lot,
so I'm going to allow you to [ __ ] and
say those barbarities also
first class, it's not Pili Expósito's house, it
's Perdón's house, it's not Borja
Escalona's case, it's Pili Espósito's house, a
neighbor next door to my house, an aunt who
is reported by a beloved criminal for
very serious crimes and what we do
Escalona is send me a WhatsApp
making fun of me, okay, giving me
Pili Expósito's location and in the
WhatsApp saying that she's going to come to my
house to break my windows and I can't
stand anyone threatening me but on
top of that, she's been closing me for like two years
My Instagram accounts of 90,000
Followers 1,624 calling my
daughters a [ __ ] calling my Drug dealer
husband and I'm not going to put up with it And if
this gentleman who is an influencer doesn't
understand it Eh Well look kid What do you want me to
tell you if you're going to make up things
about my life I'll tell you that what you
're listening to and no me not now I'll
put you I also know how to make up things about yours
So if we're going to get along
because we both do the same
thing and we all have haters Then I'm
not going to allow you to compare me
to Borja Escalona or tell me the
atrocities that you've told me
and before talking about someone you inform yourself Don't
jump here it goes Well look, I'm going to talk
about Luisa Garrido today that I'm going
low-class low-class no honey I
am a lady from head to toe
But nobody scares me
and if I have to put myself on the level of a
criminal I will do
it have you understood So before speaking
on a social network where a
lot of people are watching you, inform yourself
And then I will put up with all your criticism
that you like that you don't like and all your
criticism but that you tell lies on your
social network, I don't  I'm going to allow it
because you've taught me to play that game too
point I
want to feel your body I don't know if you
have daughters or not But
you like them to be called [ __ ] Well not to me
Luisa Javi wants to talk to you let her
call me something because
this is unbearable It's not possible I can't
talk like that
a lot of nonsense that you've
seen men she
can talk about me she can talk about the
event it can be worth whatever she wants but
Get informed and then Say whatever you want
but regarding those nonsense
that she said about me at one point I'll give her
your number 670 Yeah there's a song here she's
going to send me her number man dude it's a pain
man I have a criminal lover
who is costing me a fortune because of
all the insults that they're saying about
me
and I have to put up with one newspaper
telling a lie that another newspaper telling
a lie and now that a gentleman
influencer is also man no it's
fine eh I'm going to start learning
criminal complaints to everyone even if I
have to sell the house
where it is already  okay I don't know if
you have a mother but I think she could be your
mother and I think that you should have a
little respect for people
but but I don't know, I don't
disrespect her no
By the way handsome Javi who made you a king
with all my love eh I was
greeting you and You didn't even thank me
but to talk about myself to have an
audience and have something to talk about yes true
Well I don't talk about anyone I talk about my
life
and my content is mine I don't believe it
based on what you guys do but
when
not man you've screwed me Damn I'm having a
bad enough time and having to
put up with this guy I really liked him
and having to hear those
atrocities from me well I don't deserve it
I have balls bigger than
Muhammad yes no guy
thinks of me either not guy
or girl Not even god steps on me
but I don't mess with anyone or speak
badly of anyone
By the way don't say that I kick him two
legs because you haven't seen it because you don't
see a moment when I kick him
Javi frog dude
the potatoes are me
but he will have to  prove that I've
kicked him
and that's it
because the chat Javi isn't reading it say it out
loud your number because they think
we're leaking it and it's yours
public
What flag is the one in the background it's not in
FIFA
now that I'm crazy
and I don't leak it honey I would never leak
my phone but some ladies are
[ __ ] publishing one everywhere
and I've been harassing them for a long time
Ivan You know the number then
that phone number I really only have it
for By the way if you want you can
send me a
guy the balls I already have to put up with
atrocities that I've made videos he
says that I repeat that the number that they didn't
get it So I didn't get it I get it
four four four four
three six one
is the same you can send me whatever
you want to pay the lawyer the one I
have no no no no no no eh treat
Luisa well Let's see let's let's
call Luisa let's see
Luisa is going to call you if I'm not wrong
okay don't say
[Music]
Luisa yes I'm angry man I
'm getting ready to talk
to you I'm
telling you that you've gone too far no  that you
're putting on a hat possibly a
punch
or a kick
No honey
tell me yourself daughter What happened to you that
bothered you about us
[Music]
that if you are your honor No I am madam
honey No no your honor subscriber to gossip TV
No honey and all that stuff I don't understand not
well what it
means that I am not
subscribed to anyone is
not subscribed to my gossip channel
you have not subscribed to my gossip channel
It's that I don't like gossip
Tell me your story What happened to you
with good Escalona But then no
you didn't like my reaction
to the main Channel
Well
I collect everything they have recorded and
then we'll see what we do today I
'll repeat it to you but I want
nothing You have seen it
confirmed a little yes no
watching the video reacting but you are
watching the video you are not manipulating
the video the win because it is that it is not like that
I think a little on Instagram and
there you can see perfectly
[Music]
and as already I take This Luisa I
don't want these things  know nothing I
'm joking we're messing around my
soul
yeah yeah but what's your mother and
Celia up to my boy
but but let's see but but what
happened to him with Borja let's see tell me
well no no don't repeat it to me better I don't
want to know it us We see
the gossip and that's it But what is it that
bothered him about my video of
my reaction
Luisa
are you carrasquita or are you with Antonio
David who do you think
I am an artist
the first thing is what I see the second to
my children who are my friends are my
followers I
say no no see is it normal
if we define Escalona now as people
a little yes
[Music]
threatening Luisa darling
Well the truth is that I'm going to go down with a helmet
eh From now on
seeing how he shoots too Well
also but well that's what you
wanted to talk about that's what you wanted to
talk about with me
let's call witches
because he likes it a lot
and you know one thing
So you will care about the networks
I have lost more than 350 and I don't care
Then you like to make fun of  people
calm down
I think that more insults have
come in here on calls I've left you here to
enter my live a little so
that you can explain yourself that you like to invent
about a person that you don't know You're welcome
Jorge Escalona 2 it's the worst that they
can tell you I was angry but no
You think that you are in a position to
file lawsuits or something like that
with the vocabulary that you have
a complaint for slander and I think
that they will admit it in one go
that's for sure yes For sure yes
[Music]
I mean I'm giving you the opportunity here to
Come up mom Oliveria we're staying
Commando
in the ass
another little bag that thinks he's better than anyone you
know
that he's going to file a criminal complaint let's
see another little bit of slander
imagine going inside
[ __ ] be careful
Ah well I'm going to tell this lady the
barbarities that I want By
the way I remind you Remember the videos
because the first insult that you make in the
your director is you towards me
Okay guys Let's continue with
our thing and this one that keeps talking about the
besides anything else let's
change the subject because yes his father
also
my goodness the internet eh
mother of God
father
because as they come he wins well I tell him
and then on top of that the lady instead of
asking for forgiveness for telling lies
okay I make fun of her I go for
the face of the helmet the motorcycle and on top of that I
grab him I say to him Oh how handsome Thanks a lot
come on man see me [ __ ] a swordfish
what do you need
let's relax
because if not
instead of apologizing to me and telling me
well let's see Luis although I was wrong I
see you apologize no on top of that making fun of him he
has balls man I freak out with
these people
and then it turns out
mother of God what a little mouth eh I don't
even know if I can leave this up with this
platform there are
usually quite a few
mother of God I'm going to get a band-aid
to shut up what you're yelling at me so you can
eat my chominita think I see you more
beautiful than ever
better we go see David Bravo better
we go to David Bravo I need a
little serenity
mother of God mother of God but let's see it's that
I don't know or rather I would have to check it out
tomorrow but the lady came in she
insulted me she threatened me she
started accusing a
bunch of people of crimes no Also
David Bravo better no no it's that I'm going to have to
cut the excerpt
directly in case this
lady you
know what I'm saying
but please It
's the first time I want to watch a
David Bravo video
look at the situation how we are eh Look
how we are we are we are dying to see David Bravo let's
see but
but let's see man I mean he went a
little too far no I mean he went
a little too far it's my thing it's
my thing let's
see we talked about his fight they
're reporting my Twitter account
man her people
and these people we don't comment on anything else
Of course of course It's not that they're
reporting my Twitter account of course it's
probably the lady's vocabulary
could be that they close my live of
course Well I do
n't know if I'm going to upload it
investigator your live streams are unique Yes
yes but I'm going to have to cut the
lady's part eh I
mean let's see if we are yeah we are
here yes we are here we are
all playing the same game what a
mess  Piñón's little mouth if we are
here in the middle if we are here in the
middle
we are here playing the same thing all of us, I
mean and I think that at no time has he been
disrespected in a commenting way,
commenting on the video with humor, come on, I'm
going to upload it to my
main channel, you know the extract reacting was
sent to Andy so that he can
upload it to the main channel like a
man, let's see, upload it
censored Javi No no, the call,
the call I'm going to cut if you want It's that I
had cut the call because
it's even I think it goes against
YouTube rules Let's see one thing is, he
told you he's mentally ill Hahaha,
internet things, okay,
if you get it and go to
[Music]
to Borja Escalona's house or whoever's house, you
know, and you start doing it
live, fighting with him, if you're
kicking him for real, you're kicking him
for real, I don't care
okay,
I'm commenting because we're
here commenting, the gossip understands me
But now on top of that, the lady
wanted to call and we bothered to
call her  I say Oh well look, do a
fun interview or have her tell
her version and then let her upload hours or
whatever, you know okay but man, let her
upload here on top This me here with the
jokes and the lady starts
insulting like insulted
insulting and threatening no I
'm still in shock It's that what happens
here in our live shows doesn't happen
anywhere else eh you
were like Cool and she hasn't stopped
talking to you badly talking to me badly
talking to me badly insulting me Also she knows that
if you're [ __ ] [ __ ] if I see you on the
street I don't know what the balls
that in the end I
almost happened to me you're going to take my
side good carlona with people like that
All good guys yeah perfect no no let's see
of course something that I'm not going to get into
these things I mean I know I don't call her
the gentleman with all his necklaces eh And she
puts on a helmet making fun of because
Get out, out I mean look at you
Look at you I mean so you can see that
here with the jokes you're quite a gentleman
looked terrible that's it I mean like with the
jokes
here everything we want we were reacting to the video that I'm obviously going to upload to the main channel because it's a gossip that everyone is talking about right now let's see if you go somewhere and fight with another you're broadcasting it live
people are talking they understand that I've
made a couple of jokes Oh and she looks like
Raquel Mosquera I don't know what a joke is I mean
if you're in a medium you can't
take it the wrong way I'm not even accusing you
from linking but yes a criminal complaint
mother of God mother of God what there is
on the internet what there is
on the internet but but it's what I'm
telling you I mean if you're entering
into this game that you fight with one
you fight with another you make videos of borra
Escalona you make videos of the other it can't
offend you that a gossip channel
from a humorous perspective they are commenting from a
humorous perspective they understand me and on top of that you put yourself here
in the chat I'm going to upload I'm going to upload I don't
know what I put up with I
pick up the phone I call her I call her
so she comes in and she could have had
her chance to explain herself with
all of her version but they were bad things
that I'm not interested in the truth
is accusing I don't know who of kidnapping I don't
know the truth one thing a move that I don't
want to know why because I don't want to
have a problem with Borja Escalona
either nor with her nor with good
Escalona with either of the two I understand I mean because there's no
problem of mine I
commented on the gossip I mean I have commented on
things about storms and neither has he
ever gotten involved with me in Nothing personal nor have
I with him in Nothing personal we are
playing what we are playing if you don't
know how to play
Javi if last week he did you right and
for not thanking you he insulted you for a
while what I expected that the rais would turn me on
if the king would turn me on when you guys warn me well
Of course I appreciate it but I did
n't know
the best gossip channel from afar
what happens here doesn't happen anywhere
no At the
same level as the others a kiss
shizuka damn but no but she is not
involved in the world of gossip TV and of
your honor I think she was offended
even when I said it your honor
because  a joke or a boat or something will come
but I already told you, I mean, I gave him the
chance to go up and let's see,
have a fun chat or you know what I'm
telling you, he
put insults so he doesn't see you on the
street
Javi, I've been seeing Luisa for a while, she
says she's a fascist in many but
then she did, she became progressive
but even so she doesn't know that the m word can't be
said but rather they
gave you a tremendous beating XD But well, carrasquista and
everything worked out, we didn't expect less
a kiss okay
who we already know is going to contact that
lady
No but really I mean, what a bad vibe, didn't she
put you in a bad mood and also roasted to your
face, I wouldn't want to have her as a neighbor Let's
see, I don't think that
what we are here we have her as a
neighbor but obviously they closed
so many accounts But what a bad vibe eh
But what a bad vibe and not Javi No no yes
yes sir of course thanks we didn't
know
well damn we said come on salsa
Boom and come here to debate and now
imagine that on Escalona suddenly
I want to go up also go up not like
all the characters do no
but man act like that  to insult a
person you don't know That's why
you're the king of gossip but it
still stirred up Yes yes it has left me like
bad handling like a bad feeling Eh it has
left me feeling bad
okay there
was a certain Robertito he's putting you
green and Robertito has now we're also
going to talk about people that people
know
but it has left me feeling bad eh it has
left me feeling bad for me it's the
lady that Borja threw the razor at
Hahaha
but very bad very bad very bad vibes very
bad vibes very bad vibes
a certain Spider-Man told you poop Ah okay
but very bad vibes it's very bad vibes it
's the typical character of Escalona's gossip
but a bad vibe very bad vibes man I
mean you come to a well-known channel here
behave as if you were in a
medium
you know Then when you there among
yourselves say that outrage okay
but here behave
the subject was so murky in background that I
wanted that I need to laugh at David
Bravo don't laugh at David Bravo
and treat him with respect he's a lawyer and
professionals must be respected that
although  agree no and you find
some things funny but never laugh at
him okay Javi cell uploaded
something about albertito to his secondary channel Well
I don't know if I need albertito right now, honestly I don't know if we need albertito right now, honestly let's see family something happened something happened today quite peculiar peculiar let's leave it like that eh I warned you I warned you didn't warn me about you guys being live Javi David
Bravo on yo internet today I told you I said they have
contacted yo internetto has
contacted yo internet or surely
him to spread the word about the lawsuit
that they won against naughter
with wismichu okay
in all honesty and to say something
good about David Bravo okay And something fair he has
really gone to address the issue okay I
mean they have been talking about things from what I was
seeing superficially throughout
the live stream until at one
point Cheto now You're going to see him
next acting like a new guy Hey by the
way
lately ganache a sentence not to a
youtuber I don't know what I mean if you're
new it's as if I hadn't gone to talk
about this  no let's see the internet This is
presented by Cheto that Cheto has done
collaborations with wismichu and was
his friend but then a couple of years ago
when I had the thing with Cheto on
Twitter he ended up asking me for forgiveness in
private I think he told me something like he did
n't like wismichu and that it was
an exchange of collaborations no
but for example Darío mh this one who
broke oslock's tooth is
[Music]
Cindy takanassi's husband You know
the interviews you do inditakanassi
no Well you already know Who is indita channel
if
in general no orslock is a friend of
wismichu No well I don't know if they are still
friends or not because everyone
ended up badly like inmichu and almost nobody gets
together with him except for some but I don't
know I don't know really I don't know what the
relationship is but the thing is that very
obviously very
obviously this has been
managed by Cindy takanassi to Darío
mh so that they give a voice to these things
okay And that's it no to  the sentence in his own
way to be honest what I
was saying no and I could say that it would be
something positive no from David Bravo right no
this afternoon no they haven't mentioned either
naughter or wismichu I mean basically
they talked about the sentence in their own way
and with a couple of very good notes that are
going to be very funny for us Thank you very much
no
but they haven't mentioned either naughter or
wismichu And you guys might say man Of course
because they didn't want to throw [ __ ] no maybe
not naughter And so that
this isn't taken as no so that it can't be
seen in an appeal how
something happened this afternoon that maybe you do
n't know okay this afternoon I don't think it
was yesterday in fact okay But
something curious happened Javi el canijo uploaded a video
this afternoon commenting on it but I'll
tell you more about it okay I'll
tell you more about it now more or less in depth I have
n't prepared it But I'll explain it
quickly there is something called
the right to rectification which is the
right to rectification if a media outlet
talks about you a media outlet could be
TV a newspaper The Radio  that
talks about you and gives news about you
and the news you feel alluded to and
consider that it is inaccurate
or directly false there
is a civil law called the
right to rectification okay in which
you send a letter with a
rectification to the media and they are obligated
to publish an article and publish the
rectification okay if it is denied if the
owner of the media refuses You go to trial
also for free without a lawyer and without a
solicitor And if you comply with the
requirements they condemn you to publish the
rectification Okay when you have
seen many times that the one from facua and
David Bravo do not do things like
Javier Negre convicted inda convicted you
have seen it on many occasions No in
fact look look what they do
this is a video that David Bravo uploads
well not David Bravo on his channel
directly but on the channel I don't know if
his girlfriend his wife Or what it is no
but look with tears in David Bravo
okay this that then another video
or that changes the thumbnail
Okay well when they have convicted inda and
Javier Negre okay they get fed up
with taking out the
hashtag negra condenados the sentence is
not really  a defamation trial is
not a trial for honor or anything like that it
's a trick so
they can put The convicted in the headline
okay they are sentenced to publish the
rectification because they have refused to
publish the rectification first what does that
mean well the same as now
Javier Negre has a medium it was TV the one
from facua he sends a rectification
Javier Negre says I will not publish the
rectification without money from a solicitor
or a lawyer or anything or costs because he does not
have any costs they go to the trial of first
instance in a matter of a month that
takes a month more or less it does not take like
all judicial processes and they sentence
Javier Negra public to read to read the
rectification to publish it you understand
and they are convicted convicted of
defamation well for defamation not convicted
a hoax convicted of telling lies no
son we are using the right of
rectification what is happening
well as I recommended to naughter at the
time no If these people are going to play that
every time we have some
problem they publish newspapers Okay then
us too Let's learn to
play the same game as them Okay and let's go
to do exactly Of course, don't
give me a headline that isn't true, okay. The
Spanish guy already had to delete the
headline that they gave me, which was also
sent by them, he had to delete it and one
day I had to eat the
headline that facua gave me. I'll see what
can be done, okay, because they put up a
complaint for harassment. A
youtuber is being sued for harassment when it was a
silly lawsuit for insults instead
of insults, he put up for harassing, okay, for
insults that weren't even aimed at the
plaintiffs, okay. We'll see
when the trial is over and I can tell you
everything. No, but I'm very clear about it. Half of the person who
gives me a mediocre headline the next day is
going to publish a rectification with everything,
okay, what happened? Well, as I
recommended to nauter, eh, the Organic Law of
Two Bars in 1984 obliges diario.es to
publish a rectification on the
article by nauter Place and wismichu, okay, he
had to publish the rectification,
this was the first newspaper to publish it, do you
remember,
okay.
This was the first
newspaper to speak, the one who put it  of cattle
and all the manipulation and such okay They
tell you the data that is more or less objective
for my taste here they have missed including, in my
opinion, the things that do not violate
wismichu's honor and they put in the
complaint that is what I would have put
But well, it's okay too, it's not bad,
not now during these days well You're going to
see that a lot of media are going to
rectify the news that they published
about naughter Because some said that
naughter has to apologize, that he doesn't have to
upload a video
apologizing, that he has to delete the
others, I don't know what, not
directly, what he
has to do is
tell the truth and not go to the media Or
if they want to talk on their networks,
okay,
what has the guy from facua done,
David Bravo's friend Well, instead of
paying attention to the rectification law, he
took the same article,
the same article, okay, that has
already been read, that is, the same
article that people have already read and he
added a paragraph at the end here,
nauter's response Play nauterplay
has contacted facua to clarify this, this is not
worth it  the law of rectification is not valid
the right to rectification
obliges the media to publish the
rectification without annotations with the
same circulation as the original had okay
this is a trap what's happening
that it makes me laugh a lot because they
know the law of rectification but
let's get to perfection okay In fact
Rubén Sánchez look here for example
if they had fun No because he
has as a little friend the risto mejide
to I don't know who to I don't know how much you always
do the same with other fights that they
also have to do the same and 800
sites to say that they have won a
lawsuit with a lawsuit with a
rectification lawsuit they get 8,000
headlines Javier negre convicted has to
read the rectification look in this one they
laughed at the woman because her
mouth does not enunciate well and they had to reread the rectification therefore they know very well that what the one from facua has published is worthless okay I hope nauter now the next step is for facua to catch him and take him to trial in Badajoz it does not cost him it does not cost you
money naughter I already told you  it doesn't
cost you money or a solicitor or anything and you're
within your rights because they have to
publish it, I mean they have to
publish it with the same words without a comma and
apostille, okay, they have to
publish it with the same
diffusion, I mean, he even has to put
a tweet. As he did, okay, as is, he does
n't want it, well, nothing. Maybe in
a couple of months we'll find ourselves with
headlines of Rubén Sánchez condemned for the
same thing he did. I
don't understand how Facua ended up
being what it is instead of a
consumer organization. Well,
if they play around, they play the same thing. If they play around, they play the same thing. I don't know if they've touched up anything else. I don't know if there's anything else, I don't know if there's anything else, but come on, this isn't worth it, this isn't
worth it, you have to publish another one, okay.
[Music]
so we'll see
what happens, no,
and well, let's see. This is because to
talk about the news, when programming, you're going to have to go to
roses, there's
little time left, because I don't know,
because to put things up to date, goodbye, for
talking a little about this, there was a conviction
recently of a YouTuber, yes, for
talking a little about this, no. I mean
for putting for putting a little
information to talk a little about this
no no no it's not like you
came for this
look at him fulfilling his dream of being
someone let's see what I think of him I don't
know if he's a good bad lawyer I don't know okay I'm
not going to get involved there okay But what
I get the feeling is that he
had his time of being somewhat famous Because I
handle some cases that became
quite mediatic and he wants to be uh It seems to
me that he wants to be an
influencer more than a lawyer that he likes that
this Look at what he's doing today
This is you know feeling like one more than 10
followers damn if he's made a
YouTube and Twitch channel and he messes with me
and Dallas on his Twitter man I
understand that a lawyer is on the
side of whoever hires him but man
putting yourself on Twitter to be a bit of a hater of
the people who have sued your
clients Well I don't know I don't see it I
don't do mine mine doesn't participate
or in the media despite all the
people who bring media okay But
well to talk a little about  this no no no no no
it's like we've
invited you because it's not like you're here
to talk about the subject not to
play with these same cards no no the
cards are the same I half to the one they
take me half to the one I go to the next day
and they rectify and then I publish the
complete information and if you want media
Well, I also have
journalist friends and so on But well, let's not get
ahead of ourselves
because the sentence was for
repeated insults to another YouTuber So he was
sentenced to
eliminate the slanderous statements
from his channel to publish the verdict on his channel by
reading it in addition,
the sentence says that it has to be the
YouTuber himself who can put me in
two to the other person to make an
urdaz
yes it is new it is new in the field of
YouTube it has been applied in other areas
such as television of course remember
that famous urdaci who said cc or I don't know
what there is all quickly well here the judge
tells him Well, this YouTuber has to
eliminate the
slanderous statements another important thing he cannot
insult that person again, that is to say
end that campaign campaign
campaign they
sell it to you  as if it were a campaign
against someone, I mean, imagine
calling it a campaign when you've taken 13
videos divided into two years
or like mine, where they called it a campaign and
they said that my channel was monothematic
but in the lawsuit they included four
campaign videos
Why are they singing victories without Outer? Can he
appeal because they are taking advantage of the
time before he appeals
to make it media-friendly because in the end what
the headlines are looking for,
I understand, I mean, when Nau appeals
without an author wins, they are not going to say anything, they are
not going to say absolutely nothing and
also he has to read the
ruling on his channel and he has to
read it and in an
intelligible way and keep the video for
three months, I mean, and then he can delete it
after three months and this was
requested precisely so that they would not
delete it and publish it anymore Because if you
make it an obligation to publish it, it
says because I published it, I left it for a day and
removed it. Then the lawsuit was
expressly requested that he leave it for three months
so that he would not do the trick.
The lawsuit requested that he make a video every
week for a month, tell it  whole I
mean if you're going to tell the whole thing you want to
tell the trial tell it whole Put
the videos of the trial Put the
discussions that you debated there it was
requested in the lawsuit to publish a
video every month every week For a
month the same thing that they ask me say it
whole they haven't caught you because it's not
God who wins that naughter appeals and
wins no no but When I win all these are
not going to say anything okay
here what they are not giving names is
so that the rectification document is not sent
to the internet okay I
imagine that with the
rectification document they will have learned that you
can play that they already have to
think about it you understand me really in
the rectification document they have
missed that they put that I who
have it very clear I already know my movements
perfectly you know I have
missed that I put in the rectification document
the part of the things that do not violate the
honor of wismichu what they put in
Look it is not a crime done this this this this this
and this
you want to go to you want to go to the
media you want that  come see newspapers
take out the headline they will take it out but the
next day they will take out the
rectification with the
complete information with all the parties
Here the only but now for
example the one from facua does not put a
text at the end to try to evade
to try to evade that whoever goes
to trial I think that naughter is going to
take it to trial because he says on top of that he does
not have He does not have the first thing
I do not believe that naughter is going to let
that guy make fun of him
this that you retouch here the article
once all that is as if now without
saying anything you sue me and I cut the
parts of the video that I do not like no no no no no no
no
you have to publish the rectification
and put a tweet you take public
rectification does
not want to take it to trial Paco
to trial
What I do not understand is why this guy is going to
I internet net most
people do not know him and does not contribute anything the
show that is because it is this friend of his
clients who is
not that is spreading what he
can
Who will be the lawyer of facua him
and the judge has  said at least three months you have to
leave it What would happen if
someone does not after a sentence if
not I mean did not comply with this attentive
apart from the fact that the execution of the
sentence is requested and there are coercive fines that
are very high they can reach 600 euros
per day as long as you do not do it and it
accumulates
serious not doing it could even be
disobedience to the judicial authority
a sentence has been breached no
nonsense or in other words
breaching a sentence no
nonsense
Oh thanks for the information
thanks for the information man if
this youtuber continues insulting for
example he would be disobeying a
specific obligation the obligation
not to do there are obligations to do to do
something to not do something this would be
not to do and he would be breaching it Of course of
course it could be a crime a
crime of disobedience to the authority
even if this youtuber was very stupid Yes
and deny
if he disobeyed the sentence been if he
disobeys the sentence what can
happen David repeatedly and
seriously something like that could happen I don't
know if he would go to jail because I'm sure he
would suspend the prison sentence Ah that
nothing would happen it wouldn't be money and until
the end no if someone if someone doesn't pay attention to
a sentence No but if you
get into a bigger problem but I do
n't think that would ruin you let's
see
obviously nau has no moment
has the intention of not paying attention to
asentence
any person any
person more or less logical if there is
a sentence the Cata must be
respected and that's it even if I don't
agree eh me For example if I lose
any of the trials that I have
pending I will never agree
that it deserves any type of
sentence you understand But well if
some judge considers that I have to
pay some fines some
compensation or something Well we will have to listen to him
because at least I
respect justice and they would
be more in that area well not
ruin
the squad paint him as someone who
plans to disobey the ruling no I don't know or
rather like when he is born appeal
when nau appeals
directly no when the author appeals
directly it's not going to they are not going to talk
about the subject anymore none none
none is going to get more into the subject
that will be a  chimpún when he doesn't
turn to you they don't talk about the subject anymore it's
difficult to get out of ruin than
jail eh
[Music]
In fact you have to give them time of course
the ruin could be there for a lifetime
longer
What message would you send to people
that they shouldn't do on the internet or
something like super What message would you
send to people that they shouldn't
do on the internet and today at no
time
at no time does he mention that it's that in
the sentence he tells you that his client does
worse it's
tremendous how they speculate that if he goes
to jail and such and the poor naughter
who hasn't said anywhere what he
plans to disappear no Let's see, they're not
speculating let's see but the question doesn't
give us the truth, the lawyer has not said it,
the lawyer has gone to spread the word about the
subject what I imagine that this thing of
not giving names will have been at the last
minute because of the issue that naughter has been
asking for the rectification I
imagine that they'll go there to
not give names Because I know because I
imagine Well because David Bravo already
did  some insinuation when
[Music]
Look at people who lose a case but who
assure that the sentence that condemns them
is an absolute success and that maybe they will
appeal it okay I don't know if this is with no it is I don't
know if this is commenting on some
naughter video or that the
rectification letter is reaching him you know what I mean and
I imagine that the issue of the name goes
through there or in other words the issue of not mentioning I
think it's so that they don't send
the rectification letter to the internet now
and on the internet they
have to give all the information that they do
n't want to be given they want them to
give the part that they like
but they don't want the part
that they haven't estimated to be given of the lawsuit
we hope he has balls or rather the
sentence says that your client does
exactly the same thing no Or worse
basically
I would tell them not to do on the internet
what they wouldn't do in what is called the
real world which the internet is also or
rather basically if you in real life would not
do that or rather in analog physical life
on the internet it is still
real life don't do it on the internet I
mean if you  you wouldn't go up to a guy and
say hey look I think you're
[ __ ] I think you're a real
[ __ ] etcetera etcetera you
say it so calmly on Twitter Well
but can't imagine doing it on the street
Well if not you would do it on the street
I think it's better that you don't do it on the
internet because it is persecuted anyway and
also the effect that it has on the person
who reads it many times much more serious
than you think Because you don't see it and you
launch Tubidy it works like yogurt
but that person the best stays at
home saying host Look what he
told me no also it's hard for me to
understand sometimes
Where can I get so much hate because I
time is like I say okay I want
a ventricle invest it in things that
do me good there are people who are
sad man who have problems I
mean the fact that people are
also reporting saturda satura
the justice is that they are not reported as much
because it is very difficult and Expensive Now a
procedure like this
is not strange in fact this is the
first sentence related to with
honor and YouTube
literally  wismichu it must have cost him
like 10,000 bucks, probably close
to 10,000 bucks, probably probably it's
better if I don't comment on this clip, it's not
that this is Estela, let's say, he
went to spread the news there was a
conviction for insults we are against
insults to the Darío mh program and
Cheto that Cheto doesn't insult
anyone and it's because to file a lawsuit
like this your attorney files
a lawsuit a procedure that can
last two years and they appeal it can go all the way
to the Supreme Court it's to embark on an
important company it's when it's up to
here or in other words the people who sue it's
difficult for the courts to be saturated because
the people who sue people who can't
take it anymore the people people who can't take it
anymore you know they sued me after
having sent me
a message through third parties telling me
that they had no intention of
ever suing me
until they received the notification that
I was going to detective a trial there
suddenly they got a lot of desire
my videos hurt them a lot at that moment you
know and in the case of  wismichu in the
case of wismichu man he started looking for
videos from 2018
I don't think
the insults from 2018 would have really hurt him Without
knowing them it's that they
are too many guys what he says
with this I have
spoken to the youtuber there has been no
way look what he says here eh look what he
says here people who can't take it anymore
people who can't take it anymore with this or will I
end up like this first they have spoken to
YouTube they have spoken to the youtuber there has
been no way and first the people who
sue first they have spoken to YouTube they
have spoken to the youtuber David that I know
that you surely see this click would not be
like throwing down the gauntlet and how many times have I
said here publicly that whenever they
want whenever they want each one of us should make
our lives on our own and
forget about each other
and we don't tell anything and we don't do anything and we
leave each other alone and we don't give
the subject any more thought I
don't even know how many times I have been and I still
keep getting little things
you don't want to stop or you don't want Peace
or your clients want Peace they want to
humiliate and try to stay by
And that can't be when you don't have
reason on your side
or the truth on your side
and then when it can't be done anymore they
say look when it can't be done anymore I mean
let's see if if the
person who is bothering you so much
not to mention you is offering you
not to mention anything else in life,
what would it be that they can't do
anymore what happens is that what you
want is to then make headlines
humiliating me let's see when let's see how you can
recover the headlines that your
friend walks the favor or reported
Violibeira for harassment
What a shame I didn't know the law well
at that time man What a shame to do it to me
now
my image is already on the floor
So when they embark on that and the
truth is that there are few who decide
And there are many who in fact when they
come to me for example to 99% I say
I'm not getting involved I that you didn't involve me that it's
not worth it you think
the relevance of the person influences
if you are a public figure as has
happened in this case the one we are
interested in because you think it can work out for you
better I mean the relevance of the person
actually plays to the detriment of the
person suing, that is to say, the more
relevant you are, the more the
limits of freedom of expression expand and
therefore what you say has to be more serious
for it to be considered
insulting, that is
why in the lawsuit they are filing against me
Javi, yesterday's live show of "I'll play with a
blazer after you finished" was
very shady, you saw it, "Lollipop Lollipop," we'll
watch it now, that is why the lawsuit they are
filing against me is telling me that a person
is not a public figure when they are more
famous than me, David,
that is what I mean.
Well yes, there is no degree of
being well-known to allow you to say no, no. Look at
the evidence that is being carried out and it says, look,
this man has nine million
followers, a very well-known person
has to be more flexible with
criticism, these types of issues attenuate
the possibility of you being convicted. In
these cases, they also talk
about a man who has 9 million
followers, that has not been the only thing that
attenuates the possibilities, he has 9
million followers and he insults
people worse than the defendant  It does
n't say it anywhere, man,
so that this person who is so famous
doesn't set an example of doing things wrong
because in the end if I'm insulting
someone to 9 million people, it
's 9 million people who are
taking the example as an example, okay. Because when you
talk about famous people, you're talking about the
person who insults, not the person who is insulted. I
was referring to the person who is insulted. Okay,
the one who insults is relevant in terms of
the opposite. In terms of measuring the
compensation and the damage that has been
caused to you because if an
unknown person insults you, the scope of
their insult can reach is less than
when it's a very well-known and
relevant person, and since this has an influence on
something, for example, I now insult
Darío, but I do it in public, and because
I insulted him, 5,000
more people insult him, that makes things worse. Yes,
when it comes to the law, when it talks about what
is the moral damage that occurs, the law
says two things. One, whenever there is an
illegitimate interference with one's honor due to
insults, there is always moral damage and
then one thing that does not have to be proven,
moral damage exists. Because
interference exists.  and then it's the question of
saying and how much has been the interference
how much damage has it caused well one of the
first things that are measured in the
expansion So if you do it in
public And that has an echo in other
people It's not that you respond for what
other people say But of
course the effect that it has caused is that
other people say it to me they are
putting comments on me
Well they usually do it always in all
the lawsuits comments from the public you
know comments from the public putting
stupid things on social networks sometimes
that they are not even followers of mine you know and as
if I were to blame
for those comments or as if I were
responsible for what they said third
this time it's like clear it's not like the
controversy that they have comes from before
and like the controversy and like the
public already has an opinion formed by
other things and for other reasons and for
other conflicts that have been made
public and because it has gone to magazines they
have gone to programs and a lot
of things have gone it's not
that too much guy is too much guy And
then of course the moral damage increases
the moral damage yes it is brought to light
at least they are doubts that I can
answer
in space  Is there some kind of
aggravating factor if I judge and present
proof from my psychologist that
this really affected me more than it
could have affected another type of
person, like maybe it's been three
months without leaving the house because of course I did
n't have the strength because they insult me ​​every day
and I say, well, I don't have the cards
to go out, that is an aggravating factor at the
time of trial that I can
provide some kind of proof, that is to say,
that was proof, that is proof that
serves to prove that the damage that has
occurred is greater than that which would have
occurred with another
person or than what the judge may
understand has occurred but it
is not necessary as proof that the
damage has existed because the damage has always
existed Exactly
on the internet
Cheto saying guys don't insult on the
internet,
I really do I do it, people have
a face, man, I really do
This is for, come on dad, do you realize they
wanted to mention the
name, I mean, they haven't mentioned it on
purpose This is more than prepared, I
mean, at any time if it had
n't been prepared, someone says
Well, who is the youtuber,
for example, it happened in coín, well
Who is the youtuber well one is
wismichu the other we don't know you understand me
also on the street man of course
a son of a [ __ ]
percent the things I write on my
phone when I'm there a tiktok of
someone Random or some photo come up are
positive things man in my head I watch a
video a girl who made me a
recipe you are a being of light and I say how
good it looks you know or I ask her a question
but I can't say that I wouldn't eat it out of
the mouth of Queen Elizabeth you know
but I mean you don't come out in
general terms you think one thing
you think one thing
in general terms like any
life you've had
unfortunately and there are people who have
shitty lives and they do everything possible
to keep their life [ __ ]
if I for example never respond to
insults I say I'm not going to enter It's that
why am I going to eat it is that I don't know
why am I going to comment man what am I
going to comment man it
depends a lot there are many things that
happen in the world and there are many people
who well, well, the networks happen to you a lot
and they have a lot of
messages today, me of insults,
comments  taking them fat that the
skin bad or rather without receiving
the worst thing I read is that the other day one
put me there was Panda vending and they couldn't
walk you know
something worse Yes I
said which is very good we have
learned or rather I had learned chat which
is the important thing that you have to
be a person music of music
of graduate today graduates
absolutely nothing like the rest of the
program
of course
[Music]
Okay thanks for
the photo with our new graduate
David Grado a round of applause for the season
we are painting we continue increasing guys
Thank you very much also for having you
see us next Monday for a bad
face Let's go let's go let's go let's go let's
go what what he has
done
what he has done so that
the case becomes known uncle and to
try to become known
my mother
my mother my
mother
I don't know what the family sees after
this you
know downloaded the tikton no
my mother
mother of beautiful love you
know Download the text I will not
touch it a
new account on tiktok no
Javi no I am not
going to bed I am very tired uncle
I am very tired uncle I am very tired I
had things here  eh
but I'm really tired dude
How do you use the app there still what is
the social network I haven't looked at it yet we
could see about arroyi
but the truth is that I don't care
either really I'm
going to rest I'm really exhausted dude I
do you daissimo dude it was seven o'clock there
and I'm really dead dude really dead
dead what are you sending me the
lady is talking about you
Javi comment on delete Escalona I already
commented on it let's see I'm going to remove I'm going to remove
the title about I'm going to remove the title
about Aerolí
because I'm not going to comment on it
but
that you're sending me
has bothered me about me
but if he called me a lowlife tell me
What is it that bothered him about me
but if he called me a lowlife
and then he tells me that it's that I'm going to
hit Borja Escalona that you don't know what
's worse eh that he insults his mother
that he insults his daughter that I don't believe that
with that face he has any that he
insults his family that they threaten him
for  WhatsApp that they threaten him on YouTube
that they do all that to him and then I'll take it I'll
put on a helmet
Peter grace
[Music]
we could see the laser thing the
touch thing we could see no but it's that I'm so bad I'm
falling down dude I
mean I can connect tomorrow
afternoon and we see things leiser says that
Javi's fans We are some sick people
Hahaha after debating with you he
talked about the laser debate it lasts
two hours Javi how am I going to watch something that lasts
two hours man
tomorrow the
touch thing if we could see present
like this it lasts two hours no man we'll
see it tomorrow we spend the afternoon after
lunch tomorrow we spend
Look I'm going to bed I'm going to
sleep tomorrow morning I'm going to go to the
bank I have to go to hear it I left it
lying down okay Javi
Comment something about Dallas
Javi Comment something about Dallas like
please make something up even though he's not
doing anything
Javi Comment something about Dallas Well he
has very nice hair lately
since he hasn't burned it anymore
the thing of trying to give the I wanted to see it
too I mean tomorrow we could do a
long live at night  Yes I will be
yes I will go out I will go out with the family
the thing is that I have to take my
daughter somewhere at like 6 or so I think she
told me
but there are more issues no yes yes yes I have
here issue what's happening I can't take life anymore I can't
take it anymore I can't
take it anymore I have to go but we
could meet tomorrow morning
after lunch you know we could meet
tomorrow after lunch and do a really really
long live show or something like that I'll
pass it by Of course my daughter
wants me to take her somewhere So I do
n't know if I'm going to be able
to watch we could be here live
and when I have to go then I'll put the
screen on I'll be right back and I'll come back when I
take her I take her and continue like I did the
other day so the other day when I
take her Lorena it's a bit far away for her to
go Lorena gives me the kitchen still
after lunch there's you and Mario Who
's Mario
the gossip is better With all our energy
recharged Yeah and apart from that I don't know anything
bad vibes the lady is uh insulting I
don't have you on my phone it's all good
guys yeah perfect everything everything calm down
Well what I told you in this live I'm
going to remove the
alerts he's still insulting me I do
n't know I should watch other different channels
because I didn't want to watch the light on Saturday
yes I saw it
yes I saw it I saw a Jorge Javier as always
stirring up [ __ ] Not letting you talk let's
see no you have to subscribe
to be able to watch his live
and the emoticons are of older ladies we can't we can't
watch the live we can't
go back ignore
them Javi Yes yes totally or
rather like that roll no like that no like that I don't like
that roll I don't like the weather
or rather something like you coming across as good and
we're fooling around and so on I'm
leaving I can't take it anymore I'm leaving I can't take it anymore we'll
do that okay probably tomorrow
come back after lunch okay probably
come back tomorrow
so you can laugh you have another one in the info group
no no no I'm going to watch what you sent me
about Amador's ex to get some
news before going to sleep so that
Aiden can upload it during the morning and tomorrow
we're going to do that surely
tomorrow we're going to do that surely
after lunch
plus we've been live for two hours damn
topics do you want tomorrow  After
eating, we're going to do that, okay, after
eating, more or less, I'll get going and we'll spend
the afternoon until I have to
go with the family, okay.